zētō

zētō is a medium for past, present and future Launchers of Launch Academy to connect
and more importantly stay connected. This web app was created at Launch Academy's
Ship It! Saturday, a one day hackathon. I wanted to keep the goal of this web app
simple yet effective.

http://zeto-la.herokuapp.com

Getting Started
* Please sign in with facebook.
* Once logged in an 'enter' link will appear prompting for an address
  Address will be the only required data.
* After clicking submit, will be redirect to the index page where you will
  be shown all launchers who are part of zeto, along with their geographical
  location and ability to contact them via email.

Current Features
* Users login with Facebook.
* User prompted for more information if first time logging in.
* User locations are displayed on map.
* User views list of all launchers who are using zētō.
* Users are able to connect with other launchers via email request.
  Sender of email will receive receipt of request and recipient will
  recieve notification on new connection request.

Features Being/To Be Implemented
* Rspec with Capybara and FactoryGirl
* AJAX put request for users editing information.
* Sort launchers by name, address and cohort.
* Forum for general discussion.
* Email request limitations.
* Media queries for medium sized screens.
* User will see count of nearby Launchers
* User disclaimers before submitting information.
* Users will be limited to five request per contact to avoid accidential
  or user misuse.
* JavaScript/jQuery to click on launcher name and have map display popup.

Built using Ruby, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX with Rails
